README.md, before:

# Followup Bot

Send followup messages 

## Usage

```
Usage: /followup "Message text" "datetime"
```

## Setup

### 1. Create Slack bot
Create <a href="https://api.slack.com/apps">slack bot</a> for your slack org, install, and
go through steps to create an api key.

### 2. Create .env file

Credentials used by the bot are stored in an .env file. Create file and add credentials.
```
SLACK_BOT_TOKEN=
```

### 3. Running bot locally

Run docker-compose to start the bot
```
docker-compose up -d 
```

## Running With Glitch
1. Go back to the app settings and click on Slash Commands.
2. Click the 'Create New Command' button and fill in the following:
3. Command: /followup
4. Request URL: Your server or Glitch URL + /follow
5. Short description: Sets a followup reminder
6. Usage hint: /followup "message" "time"

- If you did "Remix" on Glitch, it auto-generate a new URL with two random words, so your Request URL should be like: https://fancy-feast.glitch.me/followup.

The code can be run on Glitch through the command line. Follow the next steps to run the server

1. Set an environment for the Slack token `export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN=<token>`
   1. It is also possible to set it through the auto-populated .env
2. Install the requirements `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run through python `python3 main.py`

Commit message:

Added ability to use slack forms

README.md, after:

# Followup Bot

Send followup messages 

## Usage

```
Usage: /followup
```

## Setup

### 1. Create Slack bot
Create <a href="https://api.slack.com/apps">slack bot</a> for your slack org, install, and
go through steps to create an api key.

#### Permissions

The following permissions are required to make the Slack bot operate properly. 

- chat:write
- users:read

### 2. Create .env file

Credentials used by the bot are stored in an .env file. Create file and add credentials.
```
SLACK_BOT_TOKEN=
```

### 3. Running bot locally

Run docker-compose to start the bot
```
docker-compose up -d 
```

## Running With Glitch
1. Go back to the app settings and click on Slash Commands.
2. Click the 'Create New Command' button and fill in the following:
3. Command: /followup
4. Request URL: Your server or Glitch URL + /follow
5. Short description: Sets a followup reminder
6. Usage hint: /followup "message" "time"

- If you did "Remix" on Glitch, it auto-generate a new URL with two random words, so your Request URL should be like: https://fancy-feast.glitch.me/followup.

The code can be run on Glitch through the command line. Follow the next steps to run the server

1. Set an environment for the Slack token `export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN=<token>`
   1. It is also possible to set it through the auto-populated .env
2. Install the requirements `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run through python `python3 main.py`
